DONE: Add creation time for bookmarks, and be sure to retrieve and display them according to it
DONE: FIX: if you go to the homepage while logged in, none of the category links work.  Need to do a redirect or something.
DONE: FIX: Don't repopulate the password fieldon failed logins/registrations
DONE: Handle the case where your use the bookmarklet when your'e not logged in (no cookie set)
DONE: FIX: Failed login loses all the get params
DONE: Make bookmarklet work on https page... now ideae how to do this, look at instapaper, think i need to use https on my site in this case (l.protocol in instapaper bookmarklet)

DONE: Actually make the list of bookmarks links
DONE: -- Add http:// if necessary (where should this occur?  probalby before saving the url)
DONE: -- Link to host if no title

DONE: seed with valid absolute urls

DONE: FIX: when saving a bookmark, it checks if any person has saved the url, not if the current user has svaed the url

DONE: FIX: Bookmark seems to save the bookmark for the logged in user, not the user that created the bookmark.

DONE: FIX: Bookmarklet route only checks that you're logged in, it doesn't confirm your saving links to the current account

DONE: FIX: Something is wrong with encoding https urls. They're being linked to as https//domain.com instead of https://domain.com

DONE: Make sure localhost isn't hardcoded anywhere

DONE: Get titles for bookmarks if the title is left blank

DONE: Use a better failed-auth handler (don't print the request)

DONE: use context for :user-id portion as well, and enforce #"[0-9]+"

DONE: Move db password, keystore password to environmental variables, checkout weavejester's environ lib

FIX: Friend redirects at inappropriate times.  If I use curtis' bookmarklet while logged in as justin, and then am prompted to login as curtis, it will still attempt to rediret me to justin's user page.  Logging in should always redirect to user's page perhaps?

DONE: Add a link to add a category

DONE: Make categories a real entity so people can create / delete categories manually instead of them being tied to links

DONE: FIX:  Give users default category when created
DONE: FIX:  Can't add category if it exists for ANY user.  If cat already exists, just get its id and add to users_categories.

DONE: Allow users to edit account info (email, password)
DONE: Allow users to edit bookmarks.

Pass category names in urls instead of ids.
-- dont' put /bookmarks in url, just user /categories/:cat-id
-- Make categories a part of the url:  /users/1/categories/2

DONE: Redirect to users/:uid after editing a link
Prepopulate fields when editing links.

Don't remove blank titles on edit, should go get the title

DONE: Add searching for bookmarks
DONE:  -- Need more refactoring: pagination and such shouldn't be within "display bookmarks?"A
DONE:  -- search-results needs to take in a page number somehow (get param)
DONE:  -- Highlight current-cat on results page
DONE:  -- Category links should search that category when on the search results page

DONE: Manage/delete categories
DONE: add tooltip(title) for question mark icon next to bookmarklet
DONE: Pagination
DONE: prepopulate fields in edit bookmark form

DONE: Clean up account editing form

Easy way to export bookmarks

clean up home page

come up with a better working title than "working title"... remove
that bit all together actually

Force https on login page

Make it prettier
-- Some formatting on plain-text view

extract boilerpipe stuff into its own dependency and put it on clojars

Don't let people add blank urls via "add bookmark"
Editing a bookmarks category does nothing if the category already exists.

The 'x' to delete links is in the wrong place if the title of the link
spans multiple lines

Use bootstrap's pagination

"Saving" text is correct size occassional, usually not.  Think this is related to teh fonts used on the page bookmarked maybe (google fonts?)

refactor the login workflow

PARTIAL: Add some sort of indication that the page is being saved / is saved a la instapaper
  -- Make it better.  Why can't I increase the font size?

Should urls like /users/1 redirect to /users/1/? Actually, trailing slash doesn't work, why?
See if we can eliminate the use of select-keys.. just pass full maps?

Write tests?

Need  a way to auto start after rebooting server
